Week 1-2
Created meeting minutes template from which we copy from

26/09/2021
We spent 4 hours refining our user stories, additionally we completed our storyboard through the use of figma. It was a collaborative effort over those 4 hours. 


29/09/2021
Week3
Screenshot
Make sprints 2-3 week sprints

First sprint needs some frontend

Auth stuff, login and main dashboard

Working dashboard for one of the features 

We restructured our figma design. We had a discussion on how to structure the left hand panel and we all decided upon a new cleaner design which was proposed by Helena and Ryder. 
We had a discussion about where to include the timetable tab. Shoan and I wanted it on the left hand panel initially, but Helena and Ryder made a convincing argument that it would be better to have the main interface have all the group chat related features, while the individual user features be grouped at the top, hence we placed the timetable icon next to the user settings icon. 

We assigned user story points, went over the proposal. 
READ MINUTES AND ADD TO HERE




Sunday
Went over proposal
Did project objectives and novel functionalities and compared against timeweave, myUNSW websites like course outlines, handbook
Created react app for frontend

Week 4
Wednesday
DId stand up
Accordining to the table, I implemented my required parts. 
Trying to understand Haesun’s database system. 

Friday
Did frontend for login, signup, landing
Planning to do API part as well
Did frontend for Linking page partially
Spent a while fixing bugs with CSS involving images
Saturday:
Spent a long time fixing bugs with regards to using react context
Working on using axios to send requests
Linking frontend to backend, Linking page sends a request for the selenium function to run. The backend runs the selenium function and returns the courses. 

Week 5
Sunday
I realise for projects going on
We need an interface so frontend and backend can work independently
Backend needs stubs functions at the least giving back dummy data so frontend can have something to work off

Spent ages adding new fonts
Spent a while fixing all routes, logout, login, signup, linking
Frontend is now complete, including all error handling


Tuesday
Debugging
Conencting the frontend to the back
Demo working

Wednesday:
Demo
Issue with change from day before being removed fixed
Made minutes tracking Joseph’s feedback

Week 6
- Messages
- Figuring out how to split messages from user and from other users
- CSS being very hard to deal with 

Week 7
- continuning to deal with messages
- updating the interface
- creating stub server.py so frontend can work independently

Week 8 and 9
- Starting work on search
- deal with css bugs where onfire events don't occur when display: hidden

Week 10
- finishing search on frontend and linking with Ryder's frontend functionality which shows other user's profiles